---
layout: post
title:  "Survey"
date:   2021-08-01 11:11:00 -00
categories: yesterday
---
*These answers were written in Soldotna, Alaska circa August 2009 in response to one of those randomly ciruclating MySpace surveys that I used to love to fill out... and I'm not gonna lie to you - I still think this is pretty amusing. If a bit profane. And irreverent. A little dirty. Eh, it makes ME laugh anyway.* 
<br/>
<br/>
**1. Where did your last kiss take place?**<br/>
A long long time ago, in a heavily scented galaxy far, far away . . .<br/> 
<br/>
**2. Who knows a secret or two about you?**<br/>
YOU PEOPLE<br/>
<br/>
**3. Four words to explain why you last threw up?**<br/>
“Very anxious, very drunk.”<br/>
<br/>
**4. Have you ever burned yourself?**<br/>
When I was two, I had just learned about how throwing paper into fire makes it bigger so I threw a Dentyne wrapper into a candle flame and it jumped back out and landed all fiery on the back of my hand and it’s one of the only things I’ve ever done to myself that scarred and now I don’t like fire very much.  <br/>
<br/>
Of course, that’s also because my parents burned to death in a fire in a past life, leaving me a lonely orphan boy on the cold streets of London . . .<br/>
<br/>
**5. What is crazy to you?**<br/>
“Who do you, who do you who do you who do you think you are?<br/>
Ha ha ha! Bless your soul!<br/>
You really think you’re in control?<br/>
Well, I think you’re crazy . . .”<br/>
<br/>
**6. Favorite cuss word?**<br/>
FUCK!<!--more--><br/>
<br/>
**7. Who is probably talking a load of crap about you right now?**<br/>
The Queen of Insufficient Light.  She’s bitter.  <br/>
<br/>
**8. Who is your hero?**<br/>
“My heroes have the heart to lose their lives out on the limb<br/>
and all I remember is thinking,<br/>
I wanna be like them<br/>
Ever since I was little<br/>
Ever since I was little, it looked like fun<br/>
And it’s no coincidence I’ve come<br/>
and I can die when I’m done<br/>
But maybe I’m crazy . . .”<br/>
<br/>
**9. Would you ever want to be a supermodel?**<br/>
I dunno.  People would always be making you get stuff off high shelves and squeeze through narrow places. <br/>
<br/>
**10. Who is the most experimental person you know?**<br/>
Dirty Hippie Ian<br/>
<br/>
**11. Do you tell white lies?**<br/>
Ahem.  I tell Native American / Caucasian lies.<br/>
<br/>
**12. When is your next party?**<br/>
Oh my god.  All Hallow’s Eve!  I so want to have a party on All Hallow’s Eve.  Ima be Ynego Montoya.  Oh my god.  Or if I don’t have a new place by then, then Me and Kimmay’s Birthday! We’ll have another talent show!  AUUGGHH!! Maybe Wilson and Sean LeeAnne and Marcos ET AL will join forces with us and bring talented people and we’ll tear down the motherfucking hizouse SCORPSTYLE HOMES<br/> 
<br/>
**13. Who do you want to be with right now?**<br/>
Heathcliff.  Been reading *Wuthering Heights.*  My god.  He’s BRUTAL.  He’s a BEAST.<br/> 
<br/>
**14. Do you scratch when and where you want to scratch?**<br/>
Hmmm.  I scratch where I want to scratch as soon as I’m able to get to a sneaky hidden place in which I can scratch where I want to scratch.  Well, in other words, ass or vag.  I’ll scratch anything else boobs included pretty much anytime, anywhere. <br/>
<br/>
**15. How do you handle a break up?**<br/>
Oh!  I always give myself exactly twenty-four hours to fall apart into a giant sad sobby heap usually crumpled around a teddy bear in a corner, in the space of which I generally get uproariously drunk on tequila, and then beginning the next day I get high and hyper on opportunity and move forward with my life as quickly as possible, pausing occasionally only to revel in brief moments of contemplative rage.<br/>
<br/>
**16. Your motivation for tomorrow?**<br/>
It’s Saturday, baby.  It’s Saturday.  And I have a new easel. <br/> 
<br/>
**17. Do you know what you will wear tomorrow?**<br/>
One of the three pairs of pants and five shirts that I currently have in my possession.<br/>
<br/>
**18. Last person to make you laugh?**<br/>
Steph.  We were having a lively conversation about lovers and hemmorhoids.<br/>  
**Do you ever go a few days without changing your underwear?**<br/>
If I go somewhere for a few days and forget to pack any.  In which case I’ll also often just go without.<br/>
<br/>
**21. Have you ever accidentally eaten an insect?**<br/>
Probably, but I still don’t know about it.<br/>
<br/>
**22. Do daddy long legs freak you out?**<br/>
Not my favorite creatures on the planet, that’s for sure.  I wouldn’t fucking cuddle with one.  You ever seen Texan daddylonglegs?  Them creatures is like the size of kittens.<br/>
<br/>
**23. Have you ever cleaned up someone elses vomit?**<br/>
Huh.  I like to think of myself as a helpful person.  But I’m pretty sure I’ve never, ever done that.  Way to make me feel all guilty, asshole . . . 
<br/>
**24. Have you ever dropped food on the floor and eaten it?**<br/>
Yes.  I was told once that the 10 second rule is a biological fact and it takes that long for anything bacterial or otherwise harmful to adhere to something you drop.  Also, I don’t care much about bacteria.<br/>
<br/>
**25. Do you kiss your pets on the mouth?**<br/>
FUCK NO YOU KNOW WHAT KIND OF BACTERIA IS IN THERE?!?!<br/>
<br/>
**26. Do you talk baby talk?**<br/>
Ugh.  Lately, yes.  It’s probably the only negative consequence of being around my stepdad so much.  He’s the kind of wonderful man who will run outside and lean over the balcony and yell, “Hi, Mr. Wabbit!  Hi, Mr. Wabbit!”  You can’t help it around him. <br/> 
<br/>
**27. What serial killer do you find most disturbing?**<br/>
Bluebeard<br/>
<br/>
**28. Do you watch court tv?**<br/>
Only if I want to summon the courage to off myself<br/>
<br/>
**29. Would you ever work in a retirement home?**<br/>
Oh dude, I dunno.  I just don’t think I’d be at all good at it.(1)<br/>
<br/>
**30. Do you believe plants have feelings?**<br/>
Totally.  Seriously.  There’s been some bad ass scientific studies done.  Maybe “feelings” is too sentimental of a word for plants and humans alike, but in terms of how their photosynthesis and respiration and basic metabolic functions are affected by environmental stimuli like compliments, insults, witnessing murders, death of caretakers, etc. the biological processes are remarkably similar to those of human beings. <br/> 
<br/>
**31. Do you laugh at people with bowl haircuts?**<br/>
They actually used to really turn me on . . . <br/>
<br/>
**32. Do you have nervous twitches?**<br/>
I really do.  For example, my nostrils flap when I’m trying not to laugh.<br/>
<br/>
**33. Are you ever purposely irritating?**<br/>
Oh yes.  It’s often the best form of revenge.  <br/>
<br/>
**34. If you could fly, where would you go first?**<br/>
Up in the air!<br/>
<br/>
**35. Do you prefer boats or planes?**<br/>
I like little open-air boats that don’t go so far from the shore that I feel like I can’t jump ship if need be.<br/>
<br/>
**36. Love or lust?**<br/>
What’s the point without a healthy combination of both?<br/>
<br/>
**37. One best friend or 10 aquaintances?**<br/>
One best.  You know how people say, the more you love, the more it multiplies?  <br/>
<br/>
That is not true of me.  I have a certain amount of love to give and that’s all there is, folks.<br/>  
10 acquaintances means each probably gets about 1/10 of my love.<br/>
<br/>
**38. Do you believe that your first love never dies?**<br/>
EVERYBODY DIES DUMBASS<br/>
<br/>
**39. What upcoming event are you waiting and ready for?**<br/>
August 3.  Tuesday, August 3.  On Tuesday, August 3 I get to pick up my hardcopy of the Junior College Course Schedule and then it’s HIGHLIGHTER CITY, BABY AAAALLLL.  Unh.  ALL.  NIGHT.  LONG.<br/>
<br/>
**40. Current smell?**<br/>
I don't know what that means. Peanut butter chocolate?<br/>
<br/>
**41. Do you get your nails done?**<br/>
Sure.  The best is when they start to wear down and the glue starts to weaken and then if you do it just right and aim carefully you can pop your acrylics off and make them fly through the air right at people’s faces. <br/> 
<br/>
**42. Most favorite person?**
Today it is Wilson.  Usually it’s Camilla or Dave or Obama or Marcus.<br/> 
<br/>
**43. What was the last thing you ordered at McDonalds?**<br/>
Whoa was that ever a long time ago.  I quit, like, three years ago . . . <br/>
<br/>
**44. Are you an emotional person?**<br/>
NO<br/>
<br/>
**45. Do you like your name?**<br/>
YES.<br/>
<br/>
**46. Do you have plans this weekend?**<br/>
Hell yes muthafucker!  Ima take 2 runs, and go to the lake, and go to the creek, and clean the bathroom, and put some books away, and dust my mom’s bedroom, and use my new sketchpad and my new easel and my new pens and pencils, and put new rings in the shower curtains, and budget, and make a list of everything that needs to be done around here, and master downshifting, and read Wuthering Heights, and . . . <br/>
<br/>
**47. Do you work?**<br/>
Of course baby aint got no suga daddy over here<br/>
<br/>
**48. Do you dance naked in your room?**<br/>
Yeah seriously all the time it’s my most constant work out routine<br/>
<br/>
**49. When did your last relationship end?**<br/>
December 27<br/>
<br/>
**50. What are you listening to right now?**<br/>
Blender<br/>
<br/>
**51. Biggest fear?**<br/>
vulnerability / getting fat / evil children<br/>
<br/>
**52. How long have you been a part of myspace?**<br/>
I aint got nothing to do with yourspace, freak.  I got a space all of my own fuck you very much.<br/>
<br/>
**53. Favorite place to be?**<br/>
underwater<br/>
<br/>
**54. What are you wearing right now?**<br/>
your mother's panties, ask her if she wants them back<br/>
<br/>
**55. Are your toes painted?**<br/>
No but I’m lucky, I don’t have to.  My toenails are naturally yellow.<br/>
<br/>
**56. Does anyone hate you?**<br/>
Oh, somebody must. <br/> 
<br/>
**57. How many people do you trust fully?**<br/>
starts with a z and rhymes with “my hero.”<br/>
<br/>
**58. Did you have fun doing this?**<br/>
sawlroight<br/>
<br/>
**59. Are you thinking of someone right now?**<br/>
MJ, bro.  My stepdad's watching a special on him and he just started it one second ago and and also, Sarah Palin.
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
*Footnote (1)*: Currently works in a retirement home





